1star

I am surprised that this place has averaged three stars.

I went there last night craving good Thai food and left pretty
disappointed.  For a Tuesday night they were very busy, and the two
servers were very rushed.  I do not mind helping them out by giving
them a quick and concise order, but I do mind when my server acts
annoyed that I am there from the moment I walk in the door. When I go
to a restaurant and give my business, no matter how rushed my server
may be, I do not want to feel that I am a problem. Restaurants are
open to serve, and thus, make money, correct? They're lucky I always
tip 20%!

Anywhooo;
The food was typical, cheap, oily Thai cuisine.  We started with the
vegetable soup which was good; it had one piece of a variety of fresh
veggies (peppers, onions, tomatoes, beans, mushrooms, carrots) in a
clear tasty broth.  Then we ordered the tofu triangles with no taste.
The menu said they came with crushed peanuts on top, but we did not
get that, leaving the tofu triangles very bland and seeking full taste
from its duck sauce accoutrement.(YUCK)

I got Chicken Rama Garden, which is usually my favorite healthy Thai
dish.  Most Thai restaurants curry their chicken lightly so it has a
fuller flavor.  This dish, however, was extremely bland. My chicken
was slimy, peanut sauce watery and white rice hard.  Other than that
it was great....

My boyfriend got some crispy egg noodle dish with chicken, beef and
shrimp.  The sauce was very oily (probably because of the fried
noodles) and he had to send it back because the beef was raw.  

Despite the disappointing food and rushed service and the fact that
they made us move tables after we had ordered, I may try this place
for takeout in the future if I can find a good dish.